#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via seleniumbase
behave==1.2.6
    # via seleniumbase
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
chardet==5.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
click==8.1.8
    # via pip-tools
colorama==0.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via seleniumbase
execnet==2.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
fasteners==0.19
    # via seleniumbase
filelock==3.17.0
    # via seleniumbase
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   wsproto
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   seleniumbase
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   seleniumbase
mycdp==1.1.0
    # via seleniumbase
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   seleniumbase
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
parse-type==0.6.4
    # via
    #   behave
    #   seleniumbase
pdbp==1.6.1
    # via seleniumbase
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via seleniumbase
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
pybrowsers==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
pynose==1.5.4
    # via seleniumbase
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-ordering
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-html==4.0.2
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-rerunfailures==15.0
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via seleniumbase
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-xlib==0.33
    # via seleniumbase
pyxdg==0.28
    # via pybrowsers
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via seleniumbase
requests==2.32.3
    # via seleniumbase
rich==13.9.4
    # via seleniumbase
sbvirtualdisplay==1.4.0
    # via seleniumbase
selenium==4.28.1
    # via seleniumbase
seleniumbase==4.34.17
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   python-xlib
    #   seleniumbase
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   seleniumbase
tabcompleter==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   seleniumbase
trio==0.29.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.1
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
urllib3[socks]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
websockets==15.0
    # via seleniumbase
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   seleniumbase
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
